Add python-lzo update (#47)
fox-it/dissect-docs: docs/source/projects/dissect.btrfs/index.rst

A Dissect module implementing a parser for the Btrfs file system, a commonly used Linux filesystem.

> One of the dependencies of this project, ``python-lzo``, does not release any wheels for ``PyPy`` on ``Windows``.
> Therefore, we excluded this dependency for ``PyPy`` on ``Windows`` and use a pure python fallback located in :doc:`/projects/dissect.util/index`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project has a dependency on ``python-lzo``. It will be installed by default, except on PyPy installations on Windows since no binary wheels are provided for that combination. If ``python-lzo`` is not installed, it will fall back on a (slower) pure Python implementation provided by :doc:`/projects/dissect.util/index`. You can manually install ``python-lzo`` (given you have the proper dependencies and build environment for that) to use the faster C-based implementation.
```
